Bridge deployment fixes (#800)
owncloud/ocis: docs/ocis/deployment/ocis_oc10_backend.md

{{< toc >}}

This deployment scenario shows how to use ocis as frontend for an existing ownCloud 10 installation.
ocis will allow ownCloud 10 users to log in and work with their files. While the deployment scenario includes
an ownCloud 10 instance, it only exists to show the necessary configuration for your already existing ownCloud 10

> installation.

Reviewer: so is this a development scenario? or a production scenario? if it can be used for both we need a section that describes what needs to be changed for a production deployment, like removing the http endpoints above.

Reviewer: Ok, so I misread some of the above. It nowhere mentions `development`. In any case maybe rephrase as
> This deployment scenario shows how to use ocis as frontend for an existing _productive_ ownCloud 10 installation.

Reviewer 2: And s/productive ownCloud 10 installation/production ownCloud 10 installation/

Reviewer 3: :heavy_check_mark:

### Requirements

> * Server running Ubuntu 20.04 is public available with a static ip address

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Server running Ubuntu 20.04 is publicly available with a static ip address
```

> * Two A-records for both domains are pointing to the servers ip address

Reviewer: maybe explain why? in order to prepare the user by user migration? running the two instances in parallel?

  `git clone https://github.com/owncloud/ocis.git`

* Copy example folder to /opt
  `cp -r deployments/examples/ocis_oc10_backend /opt/`

* Change into deployment folder

  `cd /opt/ocis_oc10_backend`

* Overwrite OCIS_DOMAIN and OC10_DOMAIN in .env with your-ocis.example.org and your-oc10.example.org

  `sed -i 's/ocis.example.org/your-ocis.example.org/g' /opt/ocis_oc10_backend/.env`

  `sed -i 's/oc10.example.org/your-oc10.example.org/g' /opt/ocis_oc10_backend/.env`

* Start application stack

  `docker-compose up -d`

  The domains from your `.env` will be used for building the configuration files during the docker start.

### Stack

The application stack is separated in docker containers. One is a traefik proxy which is terminating ssl and forwards the https requests to the internal docker network. Additionally, traefik is creating two certificates that are stored in the file `letsencrypt/acme.json` of the users home directory. In a local setup, this traefik is not included.

> The next container is the ocis server which is exposing the webservice on port 9200 to traefic and provides the oidc provider `konnectd` to owncloud.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The next container is the ocis server which is exposing the webservice on port 9200 to traefik and provides the oidc provider `konnectd` to owncloud.
```

    insecure: yes
    trusted: yes
    redirect_uris:
      - http://ocis.example.org/
      - https://ocis.example.org/

>       - http://ocis.example.org/oidc-callback.html

Reviewer: oidc requires https ... even if there are redirects on http ports they should not be listed as redirect_uris. the only exception is the desktop client

The build is triggered by the terminal command `docker-compose build` from the root folder.

Constraints: In this setup it's mandatory that the user has an email address set and is assigned to at least one group in oc10.
Especially the default admin user doesn't have an email assigned. If your admin user doesn't have an email address, yet, please
set one: `docker-compose exec owncloud occ user:modify admin email "admin@example.org"`

## Local deployment

> In case you want to start the bridge setup on your local development machine, there are a few steps necessary:

Reviewer: ok so this is a description of a production deployment and this section now tells the reader how to use it on the local machine. Or is this about a remote deployment vs a local deployment?

In any case I think it would make sense to clarify the deployment scenarios in `## Remote deployment` (for testing), `## Local deployment` (for development) and `## Production deployment`. Or maybe `## <type> scenario`?

> In case you want to start the bridge setup on your local development machine, there are a few steps necessary:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to start the bridge setup on your local development machine, there are a few steps necessary:
```
